Addressing (most of) the missing ES config documentation (#2134)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/upgrade.md

external Elasticsearch node of the same version to be present. This means, that all Opencast adopters now have to run
Elasticsearch.

> Please check [the documentation](configuration/elasticsearch.md) for information about how to setup an external node.

Reviewer: Since the docs don't list these instructions, should we reference the installation instructions instead?
```suggestion
Please check the installation guides for instructions about how to setup Elasticsearch.
```

Author: I rewrote this piece, let me know what you think.
